---
title: 'The Future of AI Generation and the internet'
date: 2023-02-24
permalink: /posts/2023/02/blog-post-1/
tags:
  - False information
  - AI
  - Politics
---

This is my first blog post and I'm holding this as a placeholder. This article will be about how fake information being flooded (like synthetic images and videos of real people) is actually a good thing for the public and for the internet.

If you can't trust the internet to reliably give you information, then you don't. We are essentially transported back to a different time when everyone knew better than to trust everything they read online. 

All of this without the fear of it influencing cryptography means that we have an internet that is actually worse for social media, because for all we know, that photo of your friend playing volleyball on the moon with Buzz Aldrin, 1980s version of Tom Cruise, and a polar bear might not actually be real.

Its not that people will stop using social media sites, in fact they might actually become more fun and creative, but I think this will inevitably lead you to losing trust in the reliability of info they give you.

People will think twice when seeing a video of the president giving a speech or of a natural disaster happening when they know that there very well is a video generator that could release these videos.

My advice to any AI company that is afraid about what they have created is this: lean into it.

Show the most destructive aspects of your technology and try to market its effects to everyone like the world hangs in the balance, because it just might. The future is scary, but the truth is that it could change things for the better. It forces us to change the way that we communicate with each other, which to me seems like a good thing. Its about time that we stopped letting algorithms decide the news that we see.
